Let me guess--breakfast is served?
No.
What then?
I do not wish to be scrogged--ever. I never heard that word, but when I heard it, I knew it was one thing I never wanted to have happen to me.
That's what you're supposed to say.
This is not a coy deception.  I do not want to be scrogged.  I want love.  I want tenderness.
You don't know you want.  That's the way God built you!
I will not be scrogged.  I remember one time I saw you wrench a hook from the throat of a fish with a pair of pliers, and you promised me that the fish couldn't feel.
It couldn't!
I'd like to have the expert opinion of the fish--along with yours.
Fish can't feel.
Well, I can.  Some injuries, spiritual or physical, can be excruciating to me.  I'm not a silly carhop any more.  Maybe you're right about fish. When I was a carhop, I didn't feel much more than a fish would.  But I've been sensitized.  I have ideas now--and solid information.  I know a lot more now--and a lot of it has to do with you.
Such as?...
The whole concept of heroism--and its sexual roots.
Tell me about its sexual roots.
It's complicated and I don't want to go into it now, because it's bound to sound insulting--even though nobody means for anybody to be insulted.  It's just the truth.
I like the truth.  I wouldn't be alive today if I weren't one of the biggest fans truth ever had.
Well--part of it is that heroes basically hate home and never stay there very long, and make awful messes while they're there.
Go on.
And they have very mixed feelings about women.  They hate them in a way.  One reason they like war so much is that they can capture enemy women and not have to make love to them slowly and gently.  They can scrog them, as you say--  for revenge.
You learned this in some college course?
I learned a lot of things in college.  Actually--it was Norbert who told me that.
The doctor.
Yes.
And what is his most cherished possession?
His most cherished possession?  His violin, I guess.
And he keeps it in his apartment?
Yes.
And no one's there now?
I don't think so.
That's too bad.  I would rather have him at home--to see what I'm going to do.
What are you going to do?
He did his best to destroy my most precious possession, which is the high opinion women have of me.  I'm now going to even that score.  I'm going to break in his door and I'm going to smash his violin.
No you're not!
Why not?
Because if you do--I'll leave you. HAROLD  Goodbye.