See how you've upset him.  He was so merry and hale before you came home.
How unhappy he's going to be--alone in his room.
He'll play with his rifle, I expect. That will cheer him up.
Rifle?
I bought him a twenty-two yesterday--on the way home from Hamburger Heaven.  And where is the good doctor?  Have you two feathered a love nest somewhere?
He's in East St. Louis with his mother--visiting an aunt.
Last I heard, his mother was going alone.
He's afraid of you, Harold.  He knew you'd want to fight him.  He doesn't know anything about fighting.  He hates pain.
And you, a supposedly healthy woman, do not detest him for his cowardice?
It seems highly intelligent to me.
What kind of a country has this become?  The men wear beads and refuse to fight--and the woman adore them.  America's days of greatness are over.  It has drunk the blue soup.
Blue soup?
An Indian narcotic we were forced to drink.  It put us in a haze--a honey-colored haze which was lavender around the edge.  We laughed, we sang, we snoozed.  When a bird called, we answered back. Every living thing was our brother or our sister, we thought. Looseleaf stepped on a cockroach six inches long, and we cried.  We had a funeral that went on for five days--for the cockroach!  I sang "Oh Promise Me." Can you imagine? Where the hell did I ever learn the words to "Oh Promise Me"?  Looseleaf delivered a lecture on maintenance procedures for the hydraulic system of a B-36.  All the time we were drinking more blue soup, more blue soup!  Never stopped drinking blue soup.  Blue soup all the time. We'd go out after food in that honey-colored haze, and everything that was edible had a penumbra of lavender.
Sounds quite beautiful.
Beautiful, you say?  It wasn't life, it wasn't death--it wasn't anything!  Beautiful?  Seven years gone--  like that, like that!  Seven years of silliness and random dreams! Seven years of nothingness, when there could have been so much!
Like what?
Action!  Interaction!  Give and take!  Challenge and response!