You're in one hell of a jam.  You realize that?
I'm high as a kite.
Glands.  You're supposed to be happy when you die.  Call me comical again.
You're a clown.  You're a clown who kills--but you're a clown.
I love you!  Have a cigar!
Evolution has made you a clown-- with a cigar.  Simple butchers like you are obsolete!
I'm to be left behind--in primordial ooze?
If you're at home in the ooze, and nowhere else.
This is going to become very physical.  Are you prepared for that?
You're not such a creature of the ooze that you'd hurt an unarmed man.
I'm an honorable clown?
King Arthur.
You hope.
In any event, I will not beg for mercy.
No quarter asked.  No quarter given.
Don't you laugh even inwardly at the heroic balderdash you spew?
Cut me open.  Find out.
I've struck my blow.
With spittle?
I've poisoned you. HAROLD  Lucretia Borgia?  Something I drank or touched?  You refused a cigar.  That's it! Potassium cyanide in the humidor! Treacherous lover of peace!
I put a poisoned thought in your head.  Even now that poison is seeping into every lobe of your mind.  It's saying, "Obsolete, obsolete, obsolete," and, "Clown, clown, clown."
Poison.
You have a very good mind, or I wouldn't have come back.  That mind is now asking itself, cleverly and fairly, "Is Harold Ryan really a clown?" And the answer is, "Yes."
I--I really must congratulate you. Something is happening in there.
You can never take yourself seriously again!  Look at all the creatures you've protected us from! Did you shoot them on the elevator, as they were on their way up here to eat us alive?
No. WOODLY The magic root you gave me--I had it analyzed.  It was discovered by a Harvard botanist in 1893!  He explored your famous jungle for five years, armed with nothing but kindness, a talent for languages, and a pocketknife.
I see.
You aren't going to hurt me.  You aren't going to hurt anybody any more.  Any violent gesture will seem ridiculous--to yourself!
Don Quixote.
My violin is avenged!
Something seems to have happened to my self-respect.
And the hell with it.  It was so tragically irrelevant, so preposterously misinformed.
The new hero is you.
I hate crowds, and I have no charisma--
You're too modest.
But the new hero will be a man of science and of peace--like me. He'll disarm you, of course.  No more guns, no more guns.
Was I ever of use?
Never.  For when you began to kill for the fun of it, you became the chief source of agony of mankind.