This is very good for us.
It is?
The wilder Paul is tonight, the calmer he'll be tomorrow.
As long as he keeps out of the park.
After this explosion, I think, he'll be able to accept the fact that his mother is going to marry again.
The only thing I ever told him about life was, "Keep out of the park after the sun goes down."
We've got to dump Shuttle.  He brings his vacuum cleaner on dates?
That's the XKE.
The what?
It's an experimental model.  He doesn't dare leave it in his car, for fear it will fall into the hands of competition.
What kind of a life is that?
He told me one time what the proudest moment of his life was. He made Eagle Scout when he was twenty-nine years old.  Oh, Norbert--promise me that Paul has not gone into the park!
If you warned him against it as much as you say, it's almost a certainty.
No!  Oh no!  Three people murdered in there in the last six weeks! The police won't even go in there any more.
I wish Paul luck.
It's suicide!
I'd be dead by now if that were the case.
Meaning?
Every night, Penelope, for the past two years, I've made it a point to walk through the park at midnight.
Why would you do that?
To show myself how brave I am.  The issue's in doubt, you know--since I'm always for peace--
I'm amazed.
Me, too.  I know something not even the police know--what's in the park at midnight.  Nothing.  Or, when I'm in there, there's me in there. Fear and nobody and me.
And maybe Paul.  What about the murderers?  They're in there!
They didn't murder me.
Paul's only twelve years old.
He can make the sound of human footsteps--which is a terrifying sound.
We've got to rescue him.
If he is in the park, luck is all that can save him now, and there's plenty of that.
He's not your son.
No.  But he's going to be.  If he is in the park and he comes out safely on the other side, I can say to him, "You and I are the only men with balls enough to walk through the park at midnight."  On that we can build.
It's a jungle out there.
That's been said before.
He'd go to a movie.  I think that's what he'd do.  If I were sure he was in a movie, I could stop worrying.  We could have him paged.