... Like Mexico.  Or Jamaica.  Or New York, even.
Hey, great idea.  What I'll do is, tomorrow I'll get a hold of a box full of mint Elvis Presley 78s on the Sub label, and I'll pay for it that way.
I'll pay for you.  Even though you owe me money.  We have to do something with the money I earn.  I need to. I deserve it.  You can just think of it as winning the lottery.
Fantastic.  The Girlfriend Lottery.
Money does not matter.  I do not care how much you earn.  I'd just like you to be a little happier in your work, but beyond that you can do what you like.
But it wasn't supposed to be like this.  When I met you we were the same people and now we're not, and...
How?  How were we the same people?
Well, you were the kind of person who came to the Artful Dodger and I was the kind of person who deejayed at the Artful Dodger.  You wore jeans and T-shirts, and so did I.  And I still do, and you don't.
Because I'm not allowed to.  I still do, after work.  So, what?  Should we just break up?  Is that what you're saying?  Because if you are, I'm going to run out of patience.
No, but...
But what?
But why doesn't it matter that we're not the same people we used to be?
You haven't changed so much as a pair of socks in the years I've known you.  If we've grown apart, then I'm the one who's done the growing, and all I've done is change jobs.
And hairstyles and clothes and attitude and friends and...
I can't go to work with my hair dyed pink.  And I can afford to go shopping more now, and I've met a couple people I like over the last year or so.
You're tougher.
More confident, maybe.
Harder.
Less neurotic.  Are you intending to stay the same for the rest of your life?
I'm alright.
Yeah, you're alright.  But you're certainly not happy.  So what happens if you get happy?  And yes I know that's the title of an Elvis Costello album, I use the reference deliberately to catch your attention. Should we split up because I'm used to you being miserable?  What happens if you, I don't know, start you're own record label, and it's a success? Time for a new girlfriend?
You're being stupid.
How?  What would be the difference between you having a record label and me going from legal aid to private practice?