As they age they contribute to a sum that is the kindling from which all future life comes.  To feel it, to know it, is to be in touch with the will of every living thing.
I do not think I like the sound of that.
It does not feel nearly as frightening as it sounds.  But the consequences of such feelings can be very frightening. For it gives you great strength.  The strength of _knowledge_.  The ability to stand between the giving of what has always been to what will always be.
I feel hardly nothing.
You have not been fully trained. But you will learn.  And you will be good, I can feel that.  You have apt- itude.  This is why our friend is so concerned.
But why be so concerned about me?
This power is divided amongst you, me, and others like cuts in a pie. But the cuts are not equal.  Some, like you and he, have more.  Much more.
And you?
I am a small player.  But if by helping you I can keep that monster from being the last, then perhaps my life has meant something.
I am not ready for this.
You must be.  You have responsibilities. You must learn the rules.  You can never attract attention to yourself, never show the side that will draw others to you.  You will always know when you are in the presence of another.  Beware. But more importantly Conor MacLeod, will be your battle against time.  In the coming years you will see kingdoms rise then rot like wheat.  People will become a transitory, pathetic lot.  The only constant you will know will be the others and the tradition their greed and quest represent.  But life without morality, without the ability to truly taste the sweetness of wine and love, is no life at all.  That is how the others exist.  Nothing more than walking corpses living only to slaughter each other in an insane quest to be the last.  Keep your soul sewed to the earth.  Do not become one of them.
Of course.
You are young, inexperienced.  You do not know what time can do.  How it can sap all pity, all love.
That is not me.
With the proper tools, Conor, a naive man can be much more dangerous than an evil one.