Was it my fault? Did I know that coal mine was going to have another cave-in? I meant to be with you on our honeymoon, Hildy -- honest I did.
All I know is that instead of two weeks in Atlantic City with my bridegroom, I spent two weeks in a coal mine with John Kruptzky -- age sixty-three -- getting food and air out of a tube! You don't deny that. Do you?
Deny it! I'm proud of it! We beat the whole country on that story.
Well, suppose we did? That isn't what I got married for. What's the good of -- Look, Walter, I came up here to tell you that you'll have to stop phoning me a dozen times a day -- sending twenty telegrams -- all the rest of it, because I'm --
Let's not fight, Hildy. Tell you what. You come back to work on the paper and if we find we can't get along in a friendly way, we'll get married again.
What?!!
I haven't any hard feelings.
Walter, you're wonderful in a loathesome sort of way. Now, would you mind keeping quiet long enough for me to tell you what I came up here for?
Sure, come on. We'll have some lunch and you can tell me everything.
I have a lunch date. I just want --
You can break it, can't you?
No, I can't.
Sure you can. Come on.
Don't tell me what to do! We're divorced -- I'm a free woman. You're not my husband and you're not my boss! And what's more, you're not going to be my boss.
What do you mean by that?
Just what I said. That's what I --
You mean you're not coming back to work here?
That's the first time you've been right today. That's what I --
You've had a better offer, eh?
You bet I've got a better offer.
Well, go on and take it. Work for somebody else! That's the gratitude I get for --
I know, Walter, but I --
What were you when you came here five years ago? A little college girl from a School of Journalism! I took a little doll-faced mugg --
You wouldn't have taken me if I hadn't been doll-faced!
Why should I? I thought it would be a novelty to have a face around here a man could look at without shuddering.
Listen, Walter --
I made a great reporter out of you, Hildy, but you won't be half as good on any other paper, and you know it. You need me and I need you -- and the paper needs both of us.
Well, the paper'll have to learn to do without me. And so will you. It just didn't work out, Walter.
It would have worked if you'd been satisfied with just being editor and reporter. But no! You had to marry me and spoil everything.
I wasn't satisfied! I suppose I proposed to you!
Well, you practically did! Making goo-goo eyes at me for two years till I broke down. And I still claim I was tight the night I proposed. If you'd been a gentleman you'd have forgotten all about it. But not you!
You -- you --