I tried to tell you right away but you started reminiscing. I'm getting married, Walter, and also getting as far away from the newspaper business as I can get! I'm through.
Get married all you want to, Hildy, but you can't quit the newspaper business.
You can't sell me that, Walter.
Who says I can't? You're a newspaper man.
That's why I'm quitting. I want to go some place where I can be a woman.
I know you, Hildy, and I know what it would mean. It would kill you.
A journalist! Peeking through keyholes -- running after fire engines -- waking people up in the middle of the night to ask them if they think Hitler's going to start a war -- stealing pictures off old ladies of their daughters that got chased by apemen! I know all about reporters -- a lot of daffy buttinskies going around without a nickel in their pockets, and for what? So a million hired girls and motormen's wives will know what's going on! No, Walter, I'm through.
Where'd you meet this man?
Bermuda.
Bermuda... Rich, eh?
Not what you'd call rich. Makes about five thousand a year.
What's his line?
He's in the insurance business.
The insurance business?
It's a good, honest business, isn't it?
Oh sure, it's honest. But somehow, I can't picture you with a guy who sells policies.
Well, I can, and I love it! He forgets the office when he's with me. He doesn't treat me like an errand-boy -- he treats me like a woman.
He does, does he? How did I treat you -- like a water buffalo?
I don't know about water buffaloes, but I know about him. He's kind and sweet and considerate. He wants a home -- and children.
Say, sounds more like a guy I ought to marry. What's his name?
Well, I'll give you a hint. By tomorrow they'll be calling me Mrs. Bruce Baldwin.
Tomorrow? Tomorrow... as quick as that?
The quicker the better. Well -- I finally got out what I came in to tell you.  So long, Walter, and better luck next time.
I wish you everything I couldn't give you, Hildy.
Thanks...
Too bad I couldn't see this guy first. I'm pretty particular about whom my wife marries.
Well, he's waiting in the anteroom for me now.
Say, could I meet him?
Oh, better not, Walter. Wouldn't do any good.
You're not afraid, are you?
Afraid? I should say not!
All right then, come on and let's see this paragon.  Is he as good as you say?
Better.