The greatest yarn ever written by anybody. My hat's off to you, Hildy!
Thanks.
And what a way to quit. While you're still champion! That's the way to leave, Hildy!
Yeah. Only -- only I'm not leaving, Walter.
What do you mean? Bruce'll be waiting for you in Albany.
No, he won't. I wired him that I wasn't coming.
Where'd you wire him?
On the nine o'clock train. That's the one he took, isn't it?
Sure.
It's awfully clear now. Bruce needs a wife who can give him a home -- and affection -- and peace. I couldn't do that for him, Walter. I'm what you made me -- a cheap reporter who'd give up her soul for a story!... Is that job still open?
Both jobs are open, Hildy. The paper -- and being Mrs. Walter Burns.
Thanks, Walter, but it's no good. We tried it.
Sure, it was good -- it was wonderful! Only you expected it to be like other marriages. It can't be like other marriages -- we're different! We're a different world. Look at what we went through today. I wouldn't trade that for any honeymoon in the world. I bet you wouldn't, either.
A fine honeymoon, with a murderer right in the boudoir! And that other honeymoon in a coal mine!
That's what makes it romantic. Every other married couple goes away on a honeymoon and for two weeks the bride knows just where the groom is, and vice versa. But us -- you never know where I am and I'm not sure where you are. That's Romance!
Well, maybe I'd like to know just once!
Hildy, if that's what you want, all right. We'll even go to -- how about Niagara Falls?
Niagara Falls! Walter, you don't mean that?
Sure I do. And I'll tell you something else -- I'd like a baby.
Walter!
Sure, I can't last forever. I want a son I can train to take my place on this paper.
What would you do if it was a daughter?
Well, if she looked like you -- Say! My brains and your looks -- that mightn't be such a bad combination.
What's the matter with my brains?
What's the good of arguing about something that probably doesn't exist? Look, Hildy, I'm proposing to you. What do you say?
Well, I'd like to be lady-like and think it over.
I don't want to rush you. Take a couple of seconds.