I like you, kid. Why do you gotta make it so hard for me to take care of you?
Mr. Reuben, I swear to God, they were out of line.
Last time, maybe, with the Puerto Ricans, but these were nice Jewish boys.
They were out of line --
They're fucking yeshiva buchas. You didn't have to tear up the goddamn place. You knocked out a guys teeth.
That prick tried to get Jessica to blow him in the bathroom --
Bobby, I love Jessica like she's my own daughter. I would kill anyone so much as lays a finger on her or her beautiful daughter, but that fucking pisher you socked in the mouth has the most expensive dentist in Beverly Hills and wants I should buy him an implant. Your silverback horseshit's gonna cost me eight grand.
I'll work it off.
Not driving Jess, you won't.
What?
You're not driving Jess no more. Two strikes, Bobby, and this last one was big. The bachelor's father goes to my schul.
So, that's it. I'm out?
I didn't say that.
Then what are you saying?
Bobby. You're a bull terrier and I got you herding sheep.
I don't understand.
It's my fault. I send you out to watch scum drool all over the love of your life, then I wonder why you seered. It's my fault. The tooth is on me. But no more. I'm 'reassigning' you.
I don't want to drive another girl, Max. The only reason I'm --
Who the fuck do you think you're talking to? This ain't a fucking democracy. You want out?
No.
Don't I put food on you're table? I sponsor your training, I take care of your girl and her little baby. I even pay that deadbeat friend of yours to push a goddamn broom.
I know.
Now you wanna shut up and listen and hear what I got to say?
Yeah. Sorry.
I got a way we make everybody happy.
Yeah.
We try something out. There's someone I'm in business with named Ruiz. I want you to accompany him on a drop.  Just as scenery. Ruiz has his boys. I just want a big guinea with a busted up face to give him a deep bench. As a deterrent.
Ruiz knows about this?
Ruiz wants to go alone, but it's not up to Ruiz. It's up to me, and I like a sure thing. Just go and we're square on the tooth.
What about Ricky? He'd jump at the opportunity.
Ricky? Ricky 'I lost the truck' Ricky?
You told him you liked him.
That was before he lost my carpet cleaning van.
He'll work it off.
I don't know the kid, and what little I do scares me.
He's good people, Mr. Reuben. I swear.
You vouch for him?