I hope you will forgive me, Your Majesty, for requesting an audience at such a late hour, but I have traveled all the way from Moscow to see you, on a matter which cannot wait.
Very well, General, what is it you wish to say?
Your Majesty, I have been advised that you have received a letter from Napoleon, offering a peace treaty, and that you have decided to accept it.
I have decided to accept the principle of a negotiation; the terms are not established.
If I may, Your Majesty, I would like to offer a dissenting opinion.
General Kutusov, feel free to say whatever you like.
I believe I am right in saying that, before the fire, the country had grown weary of the war, and there were few who were interested in continuing the battle.
Proceed.
But, since the fire, a completely new spirit has been aroused in the nation.  The French have become an army of criminals, against whom Russia must be avenged, against whom she is now prepared to fight to the death.
You know, General Kutusov, there is a very strong possibility that the fire was not started by Napoleon's troops but was organized under the orders of Rostopchin's secret police.
I have heard that story but I do not believe it.
Rostopchin is a fanatic and he is capable of anything -- however, it doesn't affect what we are talking about.  Please go on.
The point I was trying to make is that I think it is reasonable to say that Your Majesty would not find himself under unbearable pressure, if he decided to make peace with the Emperor, at least at this time.
For the sake of your argument, let us say that is correct.
Well, has Your Majesty considered what Napoleon's alternatives might be, if you simply chose to ignore his note?
Yes, General Kutusov, I daresay that this has been considered and discussed at great length.  Napoleon would simply spend the winter in Moscow and continue the campaign in the spring.  Another lesser possibility might be to march on St. Petersburg now, although there is some doubt that he has the strength to do this, until he refits his army.
You have my absolute assurance, Your Majesty, that Napoleon does not have the strength to attack St. Petersburg now -- his army is exhausted and ill-supplied, and he would be defeated if he attempted that.
I will accept your assurance, but I'm afraid I don't see your point.
Forgive me, Your Majesty, I am about to make it.
Ah, yes -- proceed.
The point is that I don't think Napoleon will sit in Moscow until the spring!  I don't think he can afford to.