It is a thing entirely unknown in diplomacy, that one government should assume a right to dictate to another, who is upon terms of equality, the conditions on which she should conduct her commerce; and, assuming such a right, second it by threatening language, in case of non-compliance.
But, Your Majesty, the very substance of the Tilsit treaty was that you should join the Continental Blockade, boycott English goods, suspend all commercial dealings with her, and be France's ally.  Nothing more is being asked than to comply with the treaty.
My dear Caulaincourt, agreements can endure only when they allow both sides to live.  Napoleon may believe it is necessary to injure England but, before that, he must realize it is necessary for him to allow his friends to live.  He cannot expect me to tell my nobles they must ruin themselves so that he can bring England to her knees -- and I'm afraid that is what it has come to.
I can appreciate what Your Majesty is saying but the Emperor has staked everything on this policy.  He has no other way to attack England, and no one knows more than Your Majesty how his overtures for peace have been rejected.
It's a fine thing to establish policies but, when they don't work, they must be reconsidered.  Granted that you have hurt England, but she is still on her feet.  And to seal off her trade with Europe, what has it cost you?  You have had to rule with an iron hand.  You have turned friends into enemies.  And even at that, the result has only been partly effective.  You have never been able to stop the extensive cheating, smuggling and corruption -- even of your own officials.  But I should think the situation in Spain, alone, would give your policy a minus balance.  You have had to commit a quarter of a million of your best troops against the guerrillas, with no victory in sight. And you have given England a dangerous foothold on the Continent, for her armies.
I am in no position to debate this with you, Your Majesty, but can you imagine what a blow it will be to the Emperor if you should now desert his cause?  It would mean nothing less than victory for England.
My dear Caulaincourt, you have no idea of how compromised my own position has become since Tilsit.  I am blamed by the army for the military disaster at Austerlitz and Friedland, by the nobility for ruining their trade with England, by the merchants who must accept French foods at unprofitable prices, and by the nation for allowing Napoleon to dictate Russian policy.