The building superintendent, and two tenants. Flat statements -- no hesitation. And they all jibed to the letter. The Thorwalds were leaving for the railroad station.
Now how could anybody guess that? They had, perhaps, signs on their luggage, "Grand Central Or Bust!"?
The superintendent met Thorwald coming back. He said Thorwald told him he had just put his wife on the train for the country.
A very convenient guy -- this superintendent. Have you checked his bank deposits lately?
Jeff -- huh?
Well -- what good is his information?!! It's a second-hand version of an unsupported statement by the murderer himself -- Thorwald! Anybody actually see the wife get on the train?
I hate to remind you -- but this all started because you said she was murdered. Now did anyone, including you, actually see her murdered?
Doyle -- are you interested in solving a case, or making me look foolish?
If possible -- both.
Well then do a good job of it! Get over there, and search Thorwald's apartment! It must be knee-deep in evidence.
I can't do that.
I mean when he goes out for a paper, or a drink, or something. What he doesn't know won't hurt him.
I can't do it even if he's gone.
What's the matter? Does he have a courtesy card from the police department?
Now don't get me mad! Even a detective can't walk in anybody's apartment and search it. If I were ever caught in there, I'd lose my badge inside of ten minutes!
Just make sure you're not caught. If you find something, you've got a murderer and nobody will care about a couple of house rules. If you find nothing -- he's clear.
At the risk of sounding stuffy, Jeff -- I'll remind you of the Constitution, and the phrase "search warrant" issued by a judge who knows the Bill of Rights verbatim. He must ask for evidence.
Give him evidence.
I can hear myself starting out. "Your Honor -- I have a friend who's an amateur sleuth, an one night, after a heavy supper --"  He'd throw the New York State Penal Code right in my face. -- And it's six volumes.
By morning there might not be anything left to find in his apartment.
A detective's nightmare.
What do you need before you can search -- bloody footsteps leading up to the door?
One thing I don't need is heckling! You called and asked me for help -- and now you're acting like a taxpayer!
How did we ever stand each other in that same plane for three years?
You know, every day for three years I asked myself that same question?
Ever get an answer?
Yeah -- frequently -- it ran something like this: "Your request for transfer turned down --"