Tagged a couple of cops. Did you kill anybody?
A few cops.
No real people?
Uh-uh, just cops.
Could you believe Mr. Blonde?
That was one of the most insane fucking things I've ever seen. Why the fuck would Joe hire somebody like that?
I don't wanna kill anybody. But if I gotta get out that door, and you're standing in my way, one way of the other, you're gettin' outta my way.
That's the way I look at it. A choice between doin' ten years, and takin' out some stupid motherfucker, ain't no choice at all. But I ain't no madman either. What the fuck was Joe thinkin'? You can't work with a guy like that. That motherfucker's unstable. What do you think? Do you think he panicked, or ya think he's just trigger-happy?
I think he's a sick fuckin' maniac! We're awful goddamn lucky he didn't tag us, when he shot up the place. I came this fucking close -  to taking his ass out myself. Everybody panics. When things get tense, everybody panics. Everybody. I don't care what your name is, you can't help it. It's human nature. But ya panic on the inside. Ya panic in your head. Ya give yourself a couple a seconds of panic, then you get a grip and deal with the situation. What you don't do, is shoot up the place and kill everybody.
What you're supposed to do is act like a fuckin' professional. A psychopath is not a professional. You can't work with a psychopath, 'cause ya don't know what those sick assholes are gonna do next. I mean, Jesus Christ, how old do you think that black girl was? Twenty, maybe twenty-one?
Did ya see what happened to anybody else?
Me and Mr. Orange jumped in the car and Mr. Brown floored it. After that, I don't know what went down.
At that point it became every man for himself. As far as Mr. Blonde or Mr. Blue are concerned, I ain't got the foggiest. Once I got out, I never looked back.
What do you think?
What do I think? I think the cops caught them, or killed 'em.
Not even a chance they punched through? You found a hole.
Yeah, and that was a fucking miracle. But if they did get away, where the fuck are they?
You don't think it's possible, one of them got a hold of the diamonds and pulled a -
Nope.
How can you be so sure?
I got the diamonds.
Where?
I got 'em, all right?
Where? Are they out in the car?
No, they're not in the car. No, I don't have them on me. Ya wanna go with me and get 'em? Yes, we can go right now. But first listen to what I'm telling you. We were fuckin' set up! Somebody is in league with the cops. We got a Judas in our midst. And I'm thinkin' we should have our fuckin' heads examined for waiting around here.
That was the plan, we meet here.
Then where is everybody? I say the plan became null and void once we found out we got a rat in the house. We ain't got the slightest fuckin' idea what happened to Mr. Blonde or Mr. Blue. They could both be dead or arrested. They could be sweatin' 'em, down at the station house right now. Yeah they don't know the names, but they can sing about this place. I mean, that could be happening right now. As we speak, the cops could be in their cars, drivin' here this minute.
I swear to god I'm fuckin' jinxed.
What?
Two jobs back, it was a four man job, we discovered one of the team was an undercover cop.
No shit?
Thank god, we discovered in time. We hadda forget the whole fuckin' thing. Just walked away from it.
So who's the rat this time? Mr. Blue? Mr. Blonde? Joe? It's Joe's show, he set this whole thing up. Maybe he set it up to set it up.
I don't buy it. Me and Joe go back a long time. I can tell ya straight up, Joe definitely didn't have anything to do with this bullshit.
Oh, you and Joe go back a long time. I known Joe since I was a kid. But me saying Joe definitely couldn't have done it is ridiculous. I can say I definitely didn't do it, cause I know what I did or didn't do. But I can't definitely say that about anybody else, 'cause I don't definitely know. For all I know, you're the rat.
For all I know, you're the rat.
Now you're using your head. For all we know, he's the rat.
That kid in there is dying from a fuckin' bullet that I saw him take. So don't be calling him a rat.
Look, asshole, I'm right! Somebody's a fuckin' rat. How many times do I hafta say it before it sinks in your skull?