I guess you knew that, anyway.
I suspected as much.
You needn't worry. It's over and done with. A long time ago.
Annie -- there's nothing between Mitch and me.
Isn't there?  Maybe there isn't. Maybe there's never anything between Mitch and any girl.
What do you mean?
I think I'll have some of that, too.  I was seeing quite a lot of him in San Francisco, you know.  And then, one weekend, he asked me up to meet Lydia.
When was this?
Four years ago. Of course, that was shortly after his father died.  Things may be different now.
Different?
With Lydia.  Did she seem a trifle distant?
A trifle.
Then maybe it isn't different at all. You know, her attitude nearly drove me crazy. I simply couldn't understand it.
When I got back to San Francisco I spent days trying to figure out just what I'd done to displease her.
And what had you done?
Nothing! I simply existed. So what was the answer? A jealous woman, right? A clinging possessive mother.  Wrong. With all due respect to Oedipus, I don't think that was the case at all.
Then what was it?
Lydia liked me, you see. That was the strange part of it. In fact, now that I'm no longer a threat, we're very good friends.
Then why did she object to you?
Because she was afraid.
Afraid you'd take Mitch?
Afraid I'd give Mitch.
I don't understand.
Afraid of any woman who'd give Mitch the only thing Lydia can give him -- love.
Annie, that adds up to a jealous, possessive woman.
No, I don't think so. She's not afraid of losing her son, you see.  She's only afraid of being abandoned.
Someone ought to tell her she'd be gaining a daughter.
She already has a daughter.
What about Mitch? Didn't he have anything to say about this?
I can understand his position. He went through a lot with Lydia after his father died. He didn't want to risk going through it all over again.
I see.
So it ended. Not immediately, of course. I went back to San Francisco, and I still saw Mitch every now and then... but we both knew it was finished.
Then what are you doing here in Bodega Bay?
You get straight to the point, don't you?
I'm sorry. Forgive me.
No, that's all right, I don't mind. I came up here for two reasons. To begin with, I was bored with my job in San Francisco. I was teaching at a private school there... well, you know, you probably went to one yourself.
I did.
Then you know. Little girls in brown beanies. Deadly. Here I have a life. I'll go into that classroom on Monday morning, and I'll look out at twenty- five upturned little faces, and each of them will be saying, 'Yes, please give me what you have.'  And I'll give them what I have. I haven't got very much, but I'll give them every ounce of it. To me, that's very important. It makes me want to stay alive for a long long time.  That's the first reason.
And the second?
I wanted to be near Mitch.  It was over, and I knew it, but I wanted to be near him, anyway.  You see, I still like him a hell of a lot. That's rare, I think. I don't want to lose his friendship... ever.