You have faith, Professor Barnhardt
It isn't faith that makes good science, Mr. Klaatu. Its curiosity.  Sit down, please. I have several thousand questions to ask you.
I would like to explain something of my mission here.
That was my first question.
It was my intention to discuss this officially -- with all the nations of the Earth -- but I was not allowed the Opportunity. I have come to realize since that your mutual fears and suspicions are merely the normal reactions of a primitive society.  We know from scientific observation that you have discovered a rudimentary kind of atomic energy. We also know that you are experimenting with rockets.
Yes -- that is true.
In the hands of a mature civilization, these would not be considered weapons of aggression. But in the hands of your people--  We've observed your aggressive tendencies, and we don't trust you with such power.
If you mean that you are afraid of us--
We want to be sure you don't make -- let us say -- an unfortunate mistake. We know the potentiality of these developments and we are disturbed to find them in the hands of children... You see, we've had atomic energy for five thousand of your years.  We discarded instruments like this many centuries ago.  So long as you were limited to fighting among yourselves -- with your primitive tanks and planes -- we were unconcerned. But soon you will apply atomic energy to space ships -- and then you become a threat to the peace and security of other planets. That, of course, we cannot tolerate.
These other planets -- do they have peace and security?
We had our atomic wars -- thousands of years ago.  After that we fought with bows and arrows. Then, slowly, we learned that fighting is no solution -- that aggression leads to chaos.
We scientists understand this. Even we primitive scientists.  What exactly is the nature of your mission, Mr. Klaatu?
I came here to warn you that, by threatening danger, your planet faces danger -- very grave danger. I am prepared, however, to offer a solution.
Would you care to be more specific?
What I have to say must be said to all concerned.  It is too important to be entrusted to any individual.