Where the fuck you get off talkin' to people about me behind my back? Goin' over my head?
What people?
What people! What'd you think, I wasn't gonna find out?
I don't even know what you're talkin' about, Nick.
No? You said I'm bringin' heat on you?! I gotta listen to people because of your fuckin' shit?! You're ordering me out?! You better get your own fuckin' army, pal!
I didn't do anything. I mean, I didn't order you or anybody...  I only told Andy Stone that you had a lot of heat on you, and that was a problem.
You want me to get out of my own fuckin' town?!
Yeah, I said I - let the bullshit blow over for a while so I can run the casino. Anything goes wrong with the casino, it's my ass. It's not yours, it's my ass.
Oh, I don't know whether you know this or not, but you only have your fuckin' casino because I made that possible!
I -
I'm what counts out here! Not your fuckin' country clubs or your fuckin' TV shows! And what the fuck are you doin' on TV anyhow?!
What are you -
You know I get calls from back home every fuckin' day?!  They think you went batshit!
I'm only on TV because I gotta be able to hang around the casino. You understand that. You know that. Come on.
Your fuckin' ass! You could have had the food and beverage job without goin' on television!  You wanted to go on TV.
Yeah, I did want to go on TV. That way I have a forum. I can fight back. I'm known. People see me. They know they can't fuck around with me like they could if I was an unknown. That's right.
You're makin' a big fuckin' spectacle of yourself.
Me?! I wouldn't even be in this situation if it wasn't for you. You brought down so much fuckin' heat on me. I mean, every time I meet somebody here, the big question is do I know you.
Oh, sure. Now you want to blame your fuckin' license on me, is that it?
No, it - it - Nicky, when you asked me if you could come out here, what did I tell you? I mean, you asked me, and I knew you were going to come out no matter what I said, but what did I tell you? Do you remember what I told...
Back -
...you? Do you remember what I told you?
Back - Back up, back up a fuckin' minute here. One minute. I asked you?! When the fuck did I ever ask you if I could come out here?! Get this through your head, you -
You never - ?
Get this through your head, you Jew motherfucker, you. You only exist out here because of me!  That's the only reason!  Without me, you, personally, every fuckin' wiseguy skell [Skell: the lowest form of wiseguy - a drunken bum] around'll take a piece of your fuckin' Jew ass! Then where you gonna go?!  You're fuckin' warned! Don't ever go over my fuckin' head again! You motherfucker, you!