Now listen to what I've got to say. I took up this profession when I was ten years old. In those days there weren't these modern machines. The films were silent. The projectors were run by hand, like this, with a crank. And you wound the crank all day long. It was really rough going! If you got tired and slowed down' boom! Everything would go up in flames!
Then why don't you want to teach it to me too? Now that there's no more cranking, and it's easier?
Because I don't want to, Toto! This is not a job for you. It's like being a slave. You're always alone. You see the same film over and over again, because you have nothing else to do. And you start talking to Greta Garbo and Tyrone Power like a nut! You work on holidays, on Christmas, on Easter. Only on Good Friday are you free. But if they hadn't put Jesus Christ on a cross...You'd work Good Fridays too!
Then why don't you change jobs?
Because I'm an idiot. How many other guys in town know how to be a projectionist? None! Only a jerk like me could do it. Besides I wasn't lucky. When I was a kid there was the war! When I grew up, another war! Now it's all different. Times have changed. And you want to be a dope like me? Huh? Answer me!
No...
Good for you, Toto. Good for you... I'm only saying this for your own good...  Cooped up in here you die of heat in the summer and of cold in the winter. You breathe in smoke, gas fumes, and earn practically nothing.
But don't you like anything about what you do?
With time...you get used to it. Besides, when you hear from up here that there's a full house and that people are laughing, having fun... Then you're happy too.  So I've been wasting my breath? You pretend to agree with me, but as soon as my back is turned, you do what you want!  Get out of here! I don't want to lay eyes on you again! This is the last straw! Your mother's right, you're crazy!!  But how'd he do it? The little bastard! By watching, he's learned! It's incredible!  I'm letting the box office know you're not to set foot even into the theatre! There are no more tickets for you! And I'm also talking to Father Adelfio! You won't be an altar boy any more either!!! You little runt!
Alfredo, go fuck yourself!!!