You're just going to lock the store like that?
I want to talk to you about something, and I don't want to be disturbed.
You saw it?
Very dramatic, I thought.
It's not what you think.
What, it's worse? You're pregnant with an Asian design major's child?
I'm not pregnant.
Were you going to tell me or just send me an invitation?
I was going to tell you. But then we were getting along so well, I didn't want to mess it up.
You could've broke it to me gently, you know; at least started by telling me you had a boyfriend. I told you I have a girlfriend.
I know, I'm sorry. But when we started talking... it's like I forgot I had a boyfriend. And then he proposed last month...
And you said yes?
Well... kind of, sort of?
Is that what they teach you at that school of yours? Kind of, sort of? Everyone knows about this except me! Do you know how humiliating that is?
I would've told you, and you would have stopped calling, like a baby.
How do you know that?
Because I know you. You prefer drastic measures to rational ones.
So you're really getting married?
No.
No, you're not really getting married?
The story goes like this: He proposed, and I told him I had to think about it, and he insisted I wear the ring anyway. Then my mother told the paper we were engaged.
How like her.
Then my mother called me this morning and told me the announcement was in the paper. That's when I hopped the train to come back here, because I knew you'd be a wreck.
Thanks for the vote of confidence.
Was I right?
Wreck is a harsh term. Disturbed is more like it. Mildly disturbed even.
I love a macho façade. It's such a turn-on.  What smells like shoe polish?
And you came here to what? To comfort me?
The last thing I needed was for you to think I was hiding something from you.
But you were.
No, I wasn't. Not really. I told you'd I'd been seeing other people.
Yeah, but not seriously. Christ, you're ready to walk down the aisle- I'd say that constitutes something more than just seeing somebody.
I'm giving him his ring back.
What?
I don't want to marry him. I don't want to get married now. I'm on the verge of graduation. I want to go to grad school after this. And then I want to start a career. I don't want to be a wife first, and then have to worry about when I'm going to fit in all of the other stuff.  I've come way too far and studied too hard to let my education go to waste as a housewife. And I know that's what I'd become. Sang's already signed with a major firm, and he's going to be pulling a huge salary, which would give me no reason to work, and he's so traditional anyway...
Sang? His name is a past tense?
Stop it. He's a nice guy.
If he's so nice, why aren't you going to marry him?
I just told you.
There's more, isn't there?
Why, Mr. Hicks-whatever do you mean?
Tell me I don't have something to do with it.
You don't have anything to do with it.
You lie.
Look how full of yourself you are.
I just believe in giving credit where credit is due. And I believe that I'm the impetus behind your failure to wed.
If I'm so nuts about you, then why am I having sex with an Asian design major?
Jesus, you're caustic.
I had to bring you down from that cloud you were floating on. When I say I don't want to get married, I mean just that. I don't want to marry anybody. Not for years.
So who's asking? I don't want to marry you.
Good. Stay in that frame of mind.
But can we date?
I'm sure Sang and-Veronica?-would like that.
We could introduce them. They might hit it off.
You're serious. You want to date again.
I would like to be your boyfriend, yes.
It's just the shock of seeing me after three years. Believe me, you'll get over it.
Give me a bit more credit. I think it's time we got back together, you know. I'm more mature, you're more mature, you're finishing college, I'm already in the job market...
You work in a market, all right.
Cute. Tell me you wouldn't want to go out again. After all the talking we've been doing.
The key word here is talk, Dante. I think the idea, the conception of us dating is more idyllic than what actually happens when we date.
So... what? So we should just make pretend over the phone that we're dating?
I don't know. Maybe we should just see what happens.
Let me take you out tonight.
You mean, on a date?
Yes. A real date. Dinner and a movie.
The Dante Hicks Dinner and a Movie Date. I think I've been on that one before.
You have a better suggestion?
How about the Caitlin Bree Walk on the Boardwalk, Then Get Naked Somewhere Kind of Private Date?
I hear that's a rather popular date.
Jerk. Here I am, throwing myself at you, succumbing to your wily charms, and you call me a slut, in so many words.
What about Sing?
Sang.
Sang.
He's not invited.
He's your fiancé.
I offer you my body and you offer me semantics? He's just a boyfriend, Dante, and in case you haven't gotten the drift of why I came all the way here from Ohio, I'm about to become single again.  And yes-let me placate your ego-you are the inspiration for this bold and momentous decision, for which I'll probably be ostracized at both school and home. You ask me who I choose, I choose you.
So what are you saying?
You're such an asshole.
I'm just kidding.
I can already tell this isn't going to work.
I'll ask Randal to close up for me when he gets back.
Where'd he go?  I'd have thought he'd be at your side, like an obedient lapdog.
He went to rent a movie, but he hasn't gotten back yet. Ah, screw it; I'll just lock the store up and leave him a note.
You're too responsible. But no. I have to go home first. They don't even know I left school. And I should break the disengagement news to my mother, which is going to cause quite a row, considering she loves Sang.
Who doesn't?
Well, me I guess.  So, I shall take my leave of you, but I will return in a little while, at which time-yes-I would love to go for dinner and a movie with you.
What happened to the walk and the nakedness?
I'm easy, but I'm not that easy.  See you later, handsome.