You don't want to know.
You called Caitlin again?
She called me.
Did you tell Veronica?
One fight a day with Veronica is about all I can stomach, thanks.
What do you two fight about?
I guess it's not really fighting. She just wants me to leave here, go back to school, get some direction.
I'll bet the most frequent topic of arguments is Caitlin Bree.
You win.
I'm going to offer you some advice, my friend: let the past be the past. Forget Caitlin Bree. You've been with Veronica for how long now?
Seven months.
Chick's nuts about you. How long did you date Caitlin?
Five years.
Chick only made you nuts. She cheated on you how many times?
Eight and a half.
Eight and a half?
Party at John K's-senior year. I get blitzed and pass out in his bedroom. Caitlin comes in and dives all over me.
That's cheating?
In the middle of it, she calls me Brad.
She called you Brad?
She called me Brad.
That's not cheating. People say crazy shit during sex. One time, I called this girl "Mom."
I hit the lights and she freaks. Turns out she thought I was Brad Michaelson.
What do you mean?
She was supposed to meet Brad Michaelson in a bedroom. She picked the wrong one. She had no idea I was even at the party.
Oh, my God.
Great story, isn't it?
That girl was vile to you.
Interesting postscript to that story: Do you know who wound up going with Brad Michaelson in the other dark bedroom?
Your mother.
Allan Harris.
Chess team Allan Harris?!
The two moved to Idaho together after graduation. They raise sheep.
That's frightening.
It takes different strokes to move the world.
In light of this lurid tale, I don't see how you could even romanticize your relationship with Caitlin-she broke your heart and inadvertently drove men to deviant lifestyles.
Because there was a lot of good in our relationship.
Oh yeah.
I'm serious. Aside from the cheating, we were a great couple.  That's what high school's all about-algebra, bad lunch, and infidelity.
You think things would be any different now?
They are. When she calls me now, she's a different person-she's frightened and vulnerable. She's about to finish college and enter the real world. That's got to be scary for anyone.
Oh shit, I've got to place an order.
I'm talking to myself here.
No, no, I'm listening. She's leaving college, and...?
...and she's looking to me for support. And I think that this is leading our relationship to a new level.
What about Veronica?
I think the arguments Veronica and I are having are some kind of manifestation of a subconscious desire to break away from her so that I can pursue the possibility of a more meaningful relationship with Caitlin.
Caitlin's on the same wave-length?
I think it's safe to say yes.
Then I think all four of you had better sit down and talk it over.
All four?
You, Veronica, Caitlin...  ...and Caitlin's fiancé.