You should shit or get off the pot.
I should shit or get off the pot.
Yeah, you should shit or get off the pot.
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about this thing you have... this inability to improve your situation in life.
Fuck you.
It's true. You'll sit there and blame life for dealing a cruddy hand, never once accepting the responsibility for the way your situation is.
What responsibility?
All right, if you hate this job and the people, and the fact that you have to come in on your day off, then quit.
As if it's that easy.
It is. You just up and quit. There are other jobs, and they pay better money. You're bound to be qualified for at least one of them. So what's stopping you?
Leave me alone.
You're comfortable. This is a life of convenience for you, and any attempt to change it would shatter the pathetic microcosm you've fashioned for yourself.
Oh, like your life's any better?
I'm satisfied with my situation for now. You don't hear me bitching. You, on the other hand, have been bitching all day.
Thank you. Why don't you go back to the video store?
It's the same thing with Veronica.
Leave her out of this.
You date Veronica because she's low maintenance and because it's convenient. Meanwhile, all you ever do is talk about Caitlin. You carry a torch for a girl you dated in high school-in high school for God's sake! You're twenty-two!
Leave me alone.
If you want Caitlin, then face Veronica, tell her, and be with Caitlin. If you want Veronica, be with Veronica. But don't pine for one and fuck the other. Man, if you weren't such a fucking coward...
...If I wasn't such a fucking coward.  It must be so great to be able to simplify everything the way you do.
Am I right or what?
You're wrong. Things happened today, okay? Things that probably ruined my chances with Caitlin.
What? The dead guy?  She'll get over fucking the dead guy. Shit, my mom's been fucking a dead guy for thirty years; I call him Dad.
Caitlin and I can't be together. It's impossible.
Melodrama coming from you seems about as natural as an oral bowel movement.
What do you want me to say? Yes, I suppose some of the things you're saying may be true. But that's the way things are; it's not going to change.
Make them change.
I can't, all right! Jesus, would you leave me alone? I can't make changes like that in my life. If I could, I would-but I don't have the ability to risk comfortable situations on the big money and the fabulous prizes.
Who're you kidding? You can so.
Jesus H. Christ, I can't!
So you'll continue being miserable all the time, just because you don't have the guts to face change?
My mother told me once that when I as three, my potty lid was closed, and instead of lifting it, I chose to shit my pants.
Lovely story.
Point is-I'm not the kind of person that disrupts things in order to shit comfortably.