You still didn't have to choke me.
Oh please! I'm surprised I didn't kill you.
Why do you say that?
Why do I say that?  Randal... forget it.
No, really. What did I do that was so wrong?
What don't you do?  Randal, sometimes it seems like the only reason you come to work is to make my life miserable.
How do you figure?
What time did you get to work today?
Like ten after.
You were over half an hour late. Then all you do is come over here.
To talk to you.
Which means the video store is ostensibly closed.
It's not like I'm miles away.
Unless you're out renting videos at other video stores.
Hermaphrodites! I rented it so we could watch it together!
You get my slapped with a fine, you fight with the customers and I have to patch everything up. You get us chased out of a funeral by violating a corpse. To top it all off, you ruin my relationship. What's your encore? Do you anally rape my mother while pouring sugar in my gas tank?  You know what the real tragedy is? I'm not even supposed to be here today!
Fuck you. Fuck you, pal. Listen to you trying to pass the buck again. I'm the source of all your misery. Who closed the store to play hockey? Who closed the store to attend a wake? Who tried to win back an ex- girlfriend without even discussing how he felt with his present one? You wanna blame somebody, blame yourself.  "I'm not even supposed to be here today."  You sound like an asshole. Whose choice was it to be here today? Nobody twisted your arm. You're here today of your own violation, my friend. But you'd like to believe that the weight of the world rests on your shoulders-that the store would crumble if Dante wasn't here. Well, I got news for you, jerk: This store would survive without you. Without me either. All you do is overcompensate for having what's basically a monkey's job: You push fucking buttons. Any moron can waltz in here and do our jobs, but you're obsessed with making it seem so much more fucking important, so much more epic than it really is. You work in a convenience store, Dante. And badly, I might add. And I work in a shitty video store.  Badly, as well.  You know, that guy Jay's got it right- he has no delusions about what he does. Us?  We like to make ourselves seem so much better than the people that come in here, just looking to pick up a paper or-God forbid- cigarettes. We look down on them, as it we're so advanced.  Well, if we're so fucking advanced, then what are we doing working here?