Leon?  Whatsa matter?  They give you a shot down the hospital or what?
Oh, God, they shot me with like unreal!
Well, you got to get hold of yourself.  You got to talk to him, tell him to give himself up.
Oh no!
He's got eight people in there with him.  He's got this kid with him ... they're gonna shoot the people.
I can't help it.  I can't stop him from anything.
If he won't listen to you, who will he listen to?
He won't listen to anybody.  He's been very crazy all summer.  Since June he's been trying to kill me.
You try calling the police?
What good is that?  They couldn't stop him.  And it'd just make him mad.  They don't know him.
Somebody's got to stop him, Leon.
He was under great strain: you don't understand, he's a very mixed up person.
He's makin' threats in there.
He's scared.  It's crazy.  I never met anyone like him.  His wife, he's a wonderful father to his children.  His mother - you should see her - his mother and father together are like a bad car wreck - he lets it all slide off his back, he sees them, he pays their rent. Unbelievable.  I wanted to get married ... He didn't really want it ... he's married already!  But he did it.  I don't know why.  I thought it would help me, but it didn't.  I was just as confused and unhappy was before; I did terrible things.
What kind of things, Leon?
Ten days I spent in Atlantic City - Sonny was frantic - he knew I was drinking; he didn't know where I was ... who I was with.  I couldn't explain why I did the things I did. So I went to this psychiatrist who explained to me I was a woman in a man's body.  So Sonny right away wanted to get me money for a sex change operation: but where was he to get that?  2500 dollars!  My God, he's in hock up to his ears already.
He needed money?  For the operation for you?
It made him crazy - so much demand, he'd fly into this rages.  And I got more depressed than ever; I saw I'd never get the operation.  So I tried to take my life - I swallowed about a half pound of pills ... blues, reds, yellows, downers, uppers, screamers ... you name it. But I just threw them up and wound up in the hospital.  Sonny comes there and looks at me and just says: 'Wow!'  So when I hear he's in the bank, I almost go crazy because I know he's doin' it for me.
Well, don't you figure you owe to him to get him out of there?
I can't talk to him.
You're in it up to your ass, Leon. You're an accessory.  You talk him out of there and they might be a little more understanding of your case.
I'm afraid.
How is he gonna hurt you on the telephone?
I don't know what to say to him.  I can't.
You think it over, Leon.