Your bleeding has stopped.
How did -  It's nothing. A scratch.
Why don't you ask me about Buffalo Bill?
Why? Do you know something about him?
I might if I saw the case file. You could get that for me.
Why don't you tell me about "Miss Mofet?" You wanted me to find him. Or do I have to wait for the lab?
His real name is Benjamin Raspail. A former patient of mine, whose romantic attachments ran to, shall we say, the exotic...? I didn't kill him, merely tucked him away. Very much as I found him, in that ridiculous car, in his own garage, after he's missed three appointments. You'd have him under "Missing Person" - which, in poor Raspail's case, could hardly be more true.
If you didn't kill him, then who did?
Who can say...? Best thing for him, really. His therapy was going nowhere.
Wouldn't it have been easier to just leave him for the police to find?
And have them clomping about in my life? Oh dear, no... At that time I still had certain private amusements of my own.  How did you feel when you saw him, Clarice? May I call you Clarice?
Scared, at first. Then - exhilarated.
Ahhh... Why?
Because you weren't wasting my time.
Do you have something you use, when you need to get up your courage? Memories, tableaux... scenes from your early life?
I don't know. Next time I'll have to check.
Jack Crawford is helping your career, isn't he? Apparently he likes you. And you like him, too.
I never thought about it.
Your first lie to me, Clarice. How sad. Tell me - do you think Crawford wants you, sexually? True, he's much older, but - do you think he visualizes... scenarios, exchanges...? Fucking you?
That doesn't interest me, Doctor. And it's the sort of thing Miggs would ask.
Not anymore.  Surely the odd confluence of events hasn't escaped you, Clarice. Crawford dangles you before me. Then I give you a bit of help. Do you think it's because I like to look at you, and imagine how good you would taste...?
I don't know. Is it?
Or doesn't this all begin to suggest to you a kind of... negotiation? There's something Crawford can give me, and I want to trade for it. I even wrote to him, offering my help. But he hates me, so he won't deal directly.