I don't want him to die, I didn't love him when we met, and I've done so many bad things to him that he doesn't know, things I want to confess to him, but now I do: I love him. I love him so much and I can't stand -- he's going.
What kind of medication are you on right now, Linda that's --
This is not any fucking medication talking, this isn't -- I don't know. I don't know -- Can you give me nothing? You have power of attorney, can you see him, can you, in this final fucking moment, go see him and make sure --- change the fucking will -- I don't want any money, I couldn't live with myself, this thing I've done -- I've fucking done so many bad things -- I fucked around.  I fucked around on him, I fucking cheated on him, Alan. You're his lawyer, our laywer, THERE, I'm his wife, we are married. I broke the conract of marriage, I fucking cheated on him, many times over, I sucked other men's cocks and fuck - fuck - fuck - ....fuck.... Other Things I've Done..
Adultery isn't illegal -- it's not something that can be used in a court to discredit the will or -- Linda. Linda. Calm down.
I can't.
You don't have to change the will, if what you want to do is get nothing you can renounce the will when it's time.
Where will the money go?
Well.  Considering that there's no one else mentioned in the will...we'd have to go to the laws of intestacy, which is -- as if someone died without a will --
What does that mean?
The money would go to Frank.  The court would put the money in the hands of a relative --
-- that can't happen.  Earl doesn't want him to have the money, the things.
-- unless Frank is specifically ommitted as a beneficiary that's what will happen.
This is so over-the-top and fucked-up I can hardly stand it.
Linda, you just have to take a moment and breath and one thing at a time --
Shut the fuck up.
I'm trying to help, Linda --
Shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up.
You need to sober up.
Now you must really shut the fuck up, please. Shut The Fuck Up.
Linda --
I have to go.