You're all packed.  And here's your bus ticket. You're on your way back to St. Anne's.
Pop, I'm not ready to go back yet.
Edie, for years we pushed quarters into a cookie jar, to keep you up there with the Sisters, and to keep you from things like I just seen out the window. My own daughter arm-in-arm with Terry Malloy. You know who Terry Malloy is?
Who is he, Pop?
Who is he! Edie, you're so softhearted and soft-headed you wouldn't recognize the devil if he had you by the throat. You know who this Terry Malloy is? The kid brother of Charlie the Gent, Johnny Friendly's right hand, a butcher in a camel hair coat.
Are you trying to tell me Terry is too?
I'm not trying to tell you he's Little Lord Fauntleroy.
He tries to act tough, but there's a look in his eyes that... .
A look in his eyes! Hold your hats, brother, here we go again. You think he's one of those cases you're always draggin' in and feelin' sorry for. Like the litter of kittens you had—the only one she wants to keep has six toes and it's cockeyed to boot. Look at him. The bum! And the crush you had on that little Abyssinian... .
He wasn't Abyssinian, Pop, Assyrian... .
Six-toed cats. Assyrians. Abyssinians. It's the same difference. Well don't think this Terry Malloy is any six-toed cockeyed Assyrian. He's a bum. Charley and Johnny Friendly owned him when he was a fighter and when they ring the bell he still goes into action.
He wanted to see me again.
You think we kept you out in Tarrytown just to have you go walkin' with a corner saloon hoodlum like Terry Malloy? Now get back to Tarrytown, before I put a strap to you.
And learn about charity and justice and all the other things people would rather talk about than practice? Pop goes up to her and holds out his two arms, his right one closer to Edie; he trembles with emotion.
See this arm? It's two inches longer 'n the other one. That's years of workin' and sweatin', liftin' and swingin' a hook. And every time I heisted a box or a coffee bag I says to myself—this is for Edie, so she can be a teacher or somethin' decent. I promised your mother. You better not let her down.