I want to know what's going on. Dolores told me that you and that scuzzball Michael Fitzsimmons...
I bumped into him after you dropped me off Last night. I didn't feel like going home, so we went for a ride.
Then it's true, dammit! I had a miserable time tonight 'cause of you. When the Monotones did "Book of Love —— Chapter Four you break up, won't you give it just one more chance..." I'm thinking Did we break up? 'Cause if we did, I don't even know about it!. I thought we cleared all that up yesterday. Did that Maynard G. Beatnik give you what you wanted?
You know I never could stand your sarcasm.
You're going to blow it, Peggy Sue. Nobody treats Charlie Bodell like this.
And why do you always refer to yourself in the third person, like Napoleon? How come it always turns into an argument with you?
Look, I've got the hair, got the eyes, got the teeth, I got the car. I'm the lead singer, I'm the man.
Charlie,. I've been trying to postpone this. But what's the point? It's over.  I don't want to hurt you. This is very hard for me. I'm doing this for both of us. I really want you to be happy.
I will be happy if I have you. I love you.
That won't make any difference. We just can't live together. And you had the nerve to drive up with that bimbo Janet.
What are you talking about? Who's Janet?
I just can't trust you anymore.
What about everything I said to you this afternoon...
That's just it. You can always get to me. There's this window in my heart and every time I leave it open, you climb in. Unless I close it now, nothing's ever going to be different!
But what has to be different?
Everything. I have a good head for business, I should be franchising the bakery. And I want you to give me your word that whatever happens, you'll go to college. And finish.
What! What about the group and my singing career? What about me?
I'm trying to save you years of frustration... waiting for a big break... no. Waiting for that big disappointment so you could blame it all on me.
You don't know zip! You think I'm going to end up selling appliances like my father? Chasing women around the store. I've got to give it a shot. Why are you trying to kill the two things that mean the most to me? Until yesterday you loved me and you loved us.  ) What the hell has changed? For two years I've done nothing but love you. I'll show you, I'm going to be just like Fabian!