What was the name of that kid at Anzio, the one who got his face burned off?
Vecchio.
Yeah, Vecchio, I couldn't remember his name, he was a good kid, remember how he used to walk on his hands and sing that song about the man on flying trapeze?
Yeah.
You know why I'm such a good officer? Because of my mother.  Have I ever told you about her?
Bits and pieces.
She's the best poker player you ever saw.  My father used to go to these Saturday night games and lose his shirt.  Finally, my mother gave him an ultimatum, either she gets a regular seat at the table or she locks him in every Saturday night. He squawked and so did his buddies but after a while they gave in and from the first night she sat down, she never lost.  She could read those cocky bastards like they were playing open hands.  And he bluffs?  He had sixteen levels of bullshit.  Her eyes, the tone of her voice, her bets, her jokes, the way she sipped her coffee, she was a master.  She won more money on shit hands than anyone in the history of the game. Every Saturday night, my father would lose two, three hundred bucks and she'd win it all back and then some. And I'd stand there, glued to her shoulder, from the time I was five years old, watching every hand, every move, studying how she did it.  That's why I'm such a good officer, I can look at a man's face and tell you exactly what he's holding, and if it's a shit hand, I know just what cards to deal him.
And what about your own hand?
No problem.  A pair of deuces?  Less? So what?  I bluff.  It used to tear me apart when I'd get one of my men killed, but what was I supposed to do?  Break down in front of the ones who were standing there waiting for me to tell them what to do?  Of course not, so I bluffed, and after a while, I started to fall for my own bluff. It was great, it made everything so much easier.  Sarge Is that why your hand's been shaking?
It could be worse.  You know the first thing they teach you at O.C.S.? Lie to your men.
Oh, yeah?
Not in so many words, but they tell you you can have all the firepower in the world and if your men don't have good morale, it's not worth a damn.  So if you're scared or empty or half-a-step from a Section Eight, do you tell your men?  Of course not.  You bluff, you lie.
And how do you bluff yourself?
Simple, numbers.  Every time you kill one of your men, you tell yourself you just saved the lives of two, three, ten, a hundred others. We lost, what, thirty-one on the cliffs?  I'll bet we saved ten times that number by putting out those guns.  That's over three hundred men.  Maybe five hundred.  A thousand. Then thousand.  Any number you want. See?  It's simple.  It lets you always choose mission over men.
Except this time, the mission IS a man.
That's the rub.  I liked Wade.  Who's Ryan?  If they're both standing in front of me and I have to shoot one or the other, how do I choose?  Look at my hand, there it goes again.
John, I've got to tell you, I think you're about used up.
I think you're right, Keith.
You want me to take over?