They found another note?
Uh-huh. Another News clipping. Another one about Sid's mom. Dewey, whether we like it  or not it looks like we're going to have to  go back into our past.
You mean OUR past as in Me and Sid. This has nothing to do with you Gale.
This has everything to do with me Dewey. I was the one who brought the nation's attention to this shit anyway. I'll be damned if I'm gonna sit around and pass on the buck again.
Do you really mean it this time Gale?
Yes. Look, let's get something straight Dewey, I got into this shit cause the police came looking for ME. Not cause I'm out to make the SUNRISE STUDIOS SLASHINGS.
Why would the police come to you?
Again, I am the author of the definitive book on the Woodsboro murders.!  What about you?
What about me?
You said you'd never leave Woodsboro, 'The only place that's real!'  But now you're here. Not with me.  Dewey, I took care of you.  I waited until you were well.  I couldn't stay there, I mean, it's like dog years, one year in Woodsboro is like seven everywhere else.
So it's off to London for a week?  New York for a month? L.A Forever?
It was fucking '60 Minutes II'!  I couldn't say no!  I could've been the next Diane Sawyer!
What's wrong with just being Gale Weathers? I liked her!
It didn't work Dewey.  We tried,  we're different.
You used to say that was our strength.
Dewey, you're not just here because of that second rate K-Mart, straight-to-video version of me, are you?
Brace yourself, Gale, all of this is actually not About you.
All of what Dewey?  You do know something, don't you?
Off the record.
Always.
Two months ago, the Woodsboro police got a call from a woman who said she was with 'Stab 3'.  She wanted to see the file on Sid, for research.
And?
The boys said no.  She wouldn't give her name. A month later, the station gets broken into, the file room ransacked.
Someone stole Sid's file?
I already removed it.  I think someone on the film was trying to find Sid, and that's the only reason I came here. To make do a little private investigating of my own and make sure no one here was planning anything.
I'm sorry, this is too good!
What part of 'Off the record' don't you understand?
Right. Sorry.  Do you think he did it?
I've got my suspicions but still, nothing  you say can ever make me take my eyes off one person.
And who is that?