I... I doubt I enjoyed it any more than... Detective Mills would enjoy some time alone with me in a room without windows.  Isn't that true?  How happy would it make you to hurt me, with impunity?
Now... I wouldn't do something like that, Johnny.  I like you.  I like you a lot.
You wouldn't because you know there are consequences.  It's in those eyes of yours, though... nothing wrong with a man taking pleasure in his work.  I won't deny my own personal desire to turn each sin against the sinner.  I only took their sins to logical conclusions.
You only killed a bunch of innocent people so you could get your rocks off.  That's all.
Innocent?  Is that supposed to be funny? Look at the people I killed.  An obese man, a disgusting man who could barely stand up... who if you saw him on the street, you'd point so your friends could mock him along with you.  Who if you saw him while you were eating, you wouldn't be able to finish  your meal.  After him I picked the lawyer.  And, you both must have been secretly thanking me for that one.  This was a man who dedicated his life to making money by lying with every breath he could muster... to keeping rapists and murderers on the streets.
Murderers?
A woman...
Murderers like you?
A woman... so ugly on the inside that she couldn't bare to go on living if she couldn't be beautiful on the outside.  A drug dealer... a drug dealing pederast, actually.  And, don't forget the disease spreading whore.  Only in a world this shitty could you even try to say these were innocent people and keep a straight face.  That's the point.  You see a deadly sin on almost every street corner, and in every home, literally.  And we tolerate it. Because it's common, it seems trivial, and we tolerate, all day long, morning, noon and night.  Not anymore.  I'm setting the example, and it's going to be puzzled over and studied and followed, from now on.
Delusions of grandeur.
You should be thanking me.
And, why is that?
You're going to be remembered, and it's all because of me.  And, the only reason I'm here right now is because I wanted to be.
We would have gotten you eventually.
Really?  Just biding your time, then? Toying with me.  Is that it?  Letting five people die until you finally felt like going out and hauling me in?