Is your name Paul Benjamin?
What can I do for you?
I just want to know what your game is, mister, that's all.
How the hell did you get into the building?
What do you mean, how'd I get in? I pushed the door and walked in. What do you think?
The damn lock's broken again.  And so you just barge in on strangers, is that what you do? Is that your game?
I'm looking for my nephew,  Thomas.
Thomas? Who's Thomas?
Don't give me any of that. I know he's been here. You can't fool me, mister.
I'm telling you. I don't know anyone named Thomas.
Thomas Cole. Thomas Jefferson Cole. My nephew.
You mean Rashid?
Rashid? Rashid! Is that what he told you his name was?
Well, whatever his name is, he's not here anymore. He left two days ago, and I haven't heard from him since.
And what was he doing here in the first place? That's what I want to know. What's a man like you messing around with a black boy like Thomas for? Are you some kind of pervert, or what?
Look, lady, that's enough. If you don't calm down. I'm going to throw you out. Do you hear me? Right now!
I just want to know where he is.
As far as I know, he went back to his parents.
His parents? Is that what he told you? His parents?
That's what he said. He told me he lived with his mother and father on East Seventy-fourth Street.
I always knew that boy had an imagination, but now he's gone and made up a whole new life for himself.  Do you mind if I sit down?  He's been living with me and his uncle Henry since he was a baby. And we don't live in Manhattan. We live in Boerum Hill. In the projects.
He doesn't go to the Trinity School?
He goes to John Jay High School in Brooklyn.
And his parents?
His mother's dead, and he hasn't seen his father in twelve years.
I shouldn't have let him go.
Which brings me back to my original question. What was he doing here in the first place?
I was about to get run over by a car, and your nephew pulled me back. He saved my life.  I sensed he was in trouble, so I offered to put him up for a few days. Maybe I should have pressed him a little more, I don't know. I feel pretty stupid about it now.
He's in trouble, all right. But I don't have any idea what it is.
Do you want something to drink? A beer? A glass of water?
No thank you.
Has anything happened lately? Anything unusual or unexpected?
Well, one thing I suppose, but I don't think it has anything to do with this.  A friend of mine called about two weeks ago and said she'd spotted Thomas's father working at some gas station outside of Peekskill.
And you told your nephew about it?
I figured he had a right to know.
And?
And nothing. Thomas looked at me straight in the eye and said, "I don't have a father. As far as I'm concerned, that son-of-a-bitch is dead."
Those are pretty hostile words.