You going to sit here all day?
I don't know. I haven't decided yet.
Why don't you pick some other spot? It gives a man the creeps to be stared at all morning.
It's a free country, isn't it? As long as I'm not trespassing on your property. I can stay here till kingdom come.
Let me give you some useful information, son. There's two dollars and fifty-seven cents in that cash register over there  and considering all the time you've put in casing the joint so far, you won't make but about fifty cents an hour for all your pains. However you slice it, that's a losing proposition.
I'm not going to rob you, mister.  Do I look like a thief?
I don't know what you look like, boy. As far as I can tell, you sprouted up like a mushroom in this spot last night.  You live in this town -- or on your way from here to there?
Just passing through.
Just passing through. A lonesome traveler with a knapsack on his back plops himself across from my garage to admire the view. There's other places to roam, kid, that's all I'm saying. You don't want to make a nuisance of yourself.
I'm working on a sketch. That old garage of yours is so rundown, it's kind of interesting.
It's rundown, all right. But drawing a picture won't improve the way it looks.  Let's see what you did, Rembrandt.
It'll cost you five bucks.
Five bucks! You mean you're going to charge me five bucks just to look at it?
Once you look at it, you're going to want to buy it from me. That's guaranteed. And that's the price: five bucks. So if you're not willing to spring for it, you might as well not bother to look. It'll just tear you up inside and make you miserable.
Son-of-a-bitch. You're some piece of work, aren't you?
I just tell it like it is, mister.  If I'm getting on your nerves, though, you might want to think about hiring me.
Do you have eyes in your head, or are those brown things bulging out of your sockets just marbles? You've been sitting here all day, and how many cars have you seen drive up and ask for gas?
Not a one.
Not a one. Not one customer all day. I bought this broken-down shit-hole of a place three weeks ago, and if business don't pick up soon, I'm going straight down the skids. What do I want to be hiring someone for? I can't even pay my own wages.
It was just a thought.
Yeah, well, do your thinking somewhere else, Michelangelo. I got work to do.