Beth you're losing it.  C'mon.
C'mon -- what?
You're lying --
Am I lying?  Are you sure?  Are you absolutely sure I'm lying?  Then explain to me about the jellyfish.  Earlier.  Why did we see jellyfish?  Harry doesn't fear jellyfish.  You do.  They're your fear, aren't they?
But --
And the snakes?  You want to know about the snakes?  You saw one outside earlier, didn't you?  When you thought I had deserted you -- you were terrified.
That's when you went in the sphere.
One lonely, terrifying sea snake.
You manifested that, Beth.
Did I?  Or was that you?  When you were hiding in the bathroom -- all conspiratorially like you were -- you became frightened, didn't you?  Terrified.  Like you were with the snake earlier -- and suddenly you have snakes slithering all over the floor.  You did that, Norman.
You're insane.
Am I?  Or am I making so much sense that you're going insane?
I never went in that sphere.
You don't remember you did.  But I'm sure you remember running like some fucking hero to get Harry, don't you?  You remember that.
Yes.
You remember before you picked him up -- when you looked up at the sphere, you remember that -- when the sphere opened?  That's right.  But you can't remember going inside, can you?  No, of course not.  Harry couldn't either, could he?  "Like everything's on the tip of my tongue", he said.
That's bullshit.
Is it?
Beth, the message said Harry.  "My name is Harry".  My name isn't Harry.
No, it isn't.  Your name is Norman. But your younger brother -- what was his name?  The one who was stung when you were younger.  The one that died. The one you couldn't save.  What was his name?  "Mommy, we're going out to the ocean -- to go swimming." "But I don't want to go swimming, Norman.  I'm scared." "C'mon, <u>Harry</u>, it'll be fine, it'll be fun."  You heartless fuck.  That's why you're so scared of the water, isn't it?
Shut up, Beth --
When you were in that sub -- and that squid was attacking you -- are you sure it was the squid that was attacking?  Do you know?  "I can't get Beth on the radio.  I'm in this tiny sub on the bottom of the fucking ocean.  All alone.  Surrounded by all this water." Was it really the squid that was attacking you, Norman -- or was it something else -- one of your fears?  You never really saw what it was, did you?