You won't find it because no such telegram exists.
Well, I tried, you got to admit I tried. I thought I might just trap you there, Wilhelm, but David here was too quick for me. Smart move, David, smart move. No, I don't have the telegram, but I know it exists. And I want you to know, Wilhelm, we're going to keep looking for it because I believe you sent it.
Then you are wrong.
Art and politics, yeah, art and politics. Let's look at that. You and the Berlin Philharmonic toured the Third Reich, played in countries the Nazis had conquered. Are you saying that conducting in occupied territories from 1939 on wasn't a commercial for Adolf and all he stood for?
We never, never officially represented the regime when we played abroad. We always performed as a private ensemble. As I think I already told you, I was a freelance conductor.
You know something? You should've written our insurance policies for us because you got more exclusion clauses than Double Indemnity. What do you imagine people thought? The Berlin Philharmonic's taken over by Doctor Goebbels and his Propaganda Ministry but Wilhelm is a freelance, so art and politics are now entirely separate? Is that what you believed ordinary people thought?
have no idea what ordinary people thought.
No!
No, because I had only one intention. My only intention whatever I did was to show that music means more than politics.
Tell me about von der Null.
Von der Null?
Yes, von der Null.
Von der Null?
How long's this going to go on, Wilhelm? I say von der Null, you say von der Null, I say von der Null, you say von der Null, we could go on all day. You know who von der Null is, don't you? Edwin von der Nuell, music critic.
Yes, I know who he is.
Isn't it true that because he gave you bad reviews and praised this young guy, Von Karajan, called him a goddamn miracle, said he was a better conductor than you, then you had von der Null conscripted into the army and no one's heard from him since?
That's an outrageous lie!
You sure you didn't call one of your close buddies and say, God in heaven, did you see what that guy von der Null wrote about me? The greatest conductor on earth. I want him out the way. He had the nerve to accuse me I am not playing enough modern music. Send him to Stalingrad. Isn't that what you did? You don't like criticism, do you, Wilhelm?  You surely didn't like them saying there was another conductor who was better than you... Are you saying the name von der Null was never mentioned in your talks with Goebbels?
Well. Once he said he'd read what this man wrote about me.
And what did he say?
He said, 'Don't mind him. His job is to criticise, your job is to conduct.'
And what happened to Von der Nul?
I have no idea.
You've really no idea? I'll tell you what happened. He died in Stalingrad.
I'm sorry.
Now, that young conductor what's his name?  That miracle kid, you know who I mean. Von Karajan! But you called him something else. C'mon. What did you call von Karajan?